I've been looking for you all these years
I want to repay your kindness
So Wu Shuang
Stay with me, okay?
So far
You still tell me this
I really don't need you to answer me right away
I can give you time.
But this period of time
Just let me stay by your side
No matter what happens
I won't leave
Retreat the qi and hide the abdomen
Force at the waist
Mr. Ye, you are also the president of the night market group.
What's the difference?
Doing chores in this little broken martial arts hall
Why are you talking so much?
I heard it all
I didn't say that.
I brought you all your equipment
The martial arts hall will open tomorrow.
Oh yeah, what are you going to be called?
Mulin Martial Arts Hall
He knew Ray was happy